Update ARM CPU plugin documentation (#16893)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/CPU.md

Author: > Floating Point Data Types Specifics: lets add table with supported inference precisions list (fp32,bf16 for Intel and fp32 for ARM).  

Do we need to specify such information in `Floating Point Data Types Specifics` section? Isn't it a duplication of `Supported Inference Data Types`?

Reviewer: We do. `Supported Inference Data Types` says about internal compuatations while `Floating Point Data Types Specifics` covers inference precision hint details.

Author: Added supported inference precisions list to `Floating Point Data Types Specifics` section.

@sphinxdirective

The CPU plugin is a part of the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit. It is developed to achieve high performance inference of neural networks on Intel® x86-64 and Arm® CPUs. The newer 11th generation and later Intel® CPUs provide even further performance boost, especially with INT8 models.
For an in-depth description of CPU plugin, see:

- `CPU plugin developers documentation <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/docs/dev/cmake_options_for_custom_compilation.md>`__.
- `OpenVINO Runtime CPU plugin source files <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/plugins/intel_cpu/>`__.

.. note::

>    The scope of the CPU plugin features and optimizations on Arm® may differ from Intel® x86-64. If limitation is not mentioned explicitly it means the feature is supported for all CPU acrhitectures.

Reviewer: `acrhitectures` -> `architectures`

Author: Fixed

@sphinxdirective

The CPU plugin is a part of the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit. It is developed to achieve high performance inference of neural networks on Intel® x86-64 and Arm® CPUs. The newer 11th generation and later Intel® CPUs provide even further performance boost, especially with INT8 models.
For an in-depth description of CPU plugin, see:

- `CPU plugin developers documentation <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/docs/dev/cmake_options_for_custom_compilation.md>`__.
- `OpenVINO Runtime CPU plugin source files <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/plugins/intel_cpu/>`__.

.. note::

>    Arm® platform is supported on a community level. Intel® welcomes community participation in the OpenVINO™ ecosystem, 

Reviewer: This note seems to be not relevant anymore. I would keep only the following statement: `The scope of the CPU plugin features and optimizations on Arm® may differ from Intel® x86-64.`  We can also extend desclaimer with smt like: `if limitation is not mentioned explicitly it means the feature is supported for all CPU acrhitectures`

CPU plugin supports the following data types as inference precision of internal primitives:

| - Floating-point data types:
|   - f32 (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
|   - bf16 (Intel® x86-64)
| - Integer data types:
|   - i32 (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
| - Quantized data types:

> |   - u8 (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)

Reviewer: We do not use u8 on ARM. Should be deleted.

Author: Fixed

   Platforms that do not support Intel® AVX512-VNNI have a known "saturation issue" that may lead to reduced computational accuracy for ``u8/i8`` precision calculations.
   To get more information on how to detect such issues and possible workarounds, see the :doc:`saturation (overflow) issue section <pot_saturation_issue>`.

.. note:: 
   

>    Arm® platforms execute quantized models in simulation mode: the whole model (including qauntization operations) is executed in floating point precision.

Reviewer: `qauntization` -> `quantization`

Author: Fixed

   on data transfer between NUMA nodes. In that case it is better to use the ``ov::hint::PerformanceMode::LATENCY`` performance hint. 
   For more details see the :doc:`performance hints <openvino_docs_OV_UG_Performance_Hints>` overview.

.. note:: 

>    Multi-stream execution is not supported on Arm® platforms. Latency and throughput hint has identical behavior and uses only one stream for inference.

Reviewer: `hint` -> `hints`, `has` -> `have`, `uses` -> `use`

Author: Fixed

External Dependencies
###########################################################
For some performance-critical DL operations, the CPU plugin uses optimized implementations from the oneAPI Deep Neural Network Library 

> (`oneDNN <https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN>`__) and (`Compute Library <https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary>`__).

Reviewer: Whould rewtire a little bit: `For some performance-critical DL operations, the CPU plugin uses thirdaprty libraries`: 
- OneDNN (Intel, Arm) + link :
- ACL (Arm) + link.

Lists of operations I would propose to delete at all.

Author: Fixed.

External Dependencies
###########################################################

> For some performance-critical DL operations, the CPU plugin uses thirdaprty libraries:

Reviewer: `thirdaprty` -> `thirdparty`

Author: Fixed

> For some performance-critical DL operations, the CPU plugin uses thirdaprty libraries:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For some performance-critical DL operations, the CPU plugin uses third-party libraries:

```

> - `oneDNN <https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN>` (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
> - `Compute Library <https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary>` (Arm®)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `oneDNN <https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN>`__ (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
- `Compute Library <https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary>`__ (Arm®)
```
